Introduce Coinbase Wallet web3 provider and authentication strategy (#1483)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/javascript/sign-up/sign-up.mdx

  - `web3Wallet`
  - `string | null`

>   The Web3 wallet address that the user is looking to authenticate with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Web3 wallet address supplied to the current sign-up. This attribute is available only if Web3 authentication is enabled. Check the available instance settings for more information.
```

  - `web3Wallet`
  - `string | null`

>   The Web3 wallet address that the user is looking to authenticate with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Web3 wallet address, made up of 0x + 40 hexadecimal characters. This attribute is available only if Web3 authentication is enabled. Check the available instance settings for more information.
```
